1436790/1438462: Part 17: 19 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10396)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/development-guide.md

 [Tools](../../docs/framework/tools/index.md)  
 Describes the tools that help you develop, configure, and deploy apps by using .NET Framework technologies.  
  

>  [.NET Samples](../samples-and-tutorials/index.md)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [.NET samples and tutorials](../samples-and-tutorials/index.md)  
```

>  [.NET Framework Samples](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/dotnet/netframework-4.0/bb400848(v=vs.100))  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [.NET Samples](../samples-and-tutorials/index.md)  
```

Please change the description below as well

>  Provides links to the MSDN Code Samples Gallery for sample apps that demonstrate .NET Framework technologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Provides links to samples and tutorials that help you learn about .NET.
```
